What what?
What is I malala? Who's Malala?
Well, she is...
I.. I... I don't know. I don't know who that is.
Oh, thats good.
Yea That's what Price wants for America. yea.
Oh my god.
You're the wrong reason.
What?
Yea.
Oh, wait that's so inspiring. oh.
Wait, that's like inspiring though, hello?
Of course price picks up he freaking hates women he hates women
Oh I've never heard of that.
I think his name was really funny.
I thought they were just referring to him as a guy, but then his name was actually Guy.
Yea It would have been better if it was a woman.
See him Look at his facial expression. He's so unhappy with hearing about women.
I know. All he thinks about is his boyfriend Drew Picard.
Oh, I like that book. Yeah.
I read that in fourth grade.
Okay, this guy thinks he's better than me. This guy thinks... It's because he's a male. He thinks...
They also prove it to you.
wait okay the book it was like there was this girl on. ha ha.
Ha ha hah On an island.
I Remember she had like a dog and then the dogs fine.
Like there she... There was like whales or something?
Ha hah hah ha ha ha.
(***)Why don't you explain it?
Ha ha ha.
I thought she was like left there or something but it was a while ago. Yea.
yeah they... they like sailed somewhere else.
What about opposite? yeah.
Was he the one that died? Oh yeah, he probably died.
I think she did try to make a bow.
Wait, this is exactly like Moana.
I don't remember this. Ha ha ha ha ha.
Yea.
There was like... what is it?
Happy? wait.
Really?
Really? ha ha ha ha ha. I don't remember this.
I swear this was the book for like, there was like, you know like the people who hunt for like...
Animal pelts. I swear they found her.
I swear, that's what happened. Oh you see.. you see..u just...
He's making this up! He's making this up!
Oh yeah, I remember that.
He's making things up. That's not important.
So guys, we're about to kill a mockingbird.
Oh.
(***) say so...
He was here. 10th grade is ethnic studies also.
That's what you think?
OH ha ha ha ha ha.
Yea I love Atticus, bitch. I love Atticus.
Yes.
Ha ha ha ha. Wait i think he's like.
Such a weeb vibe, you know?
Okay i noticed that made me so mad.